Hello Hello I'm Matt and this time
be doing my favorites of the month
because I had like two months without doing it
To begin with, I was traveling in a hunt
so I wanted to try things that
they had flushes and shadows various things
in one so as not to have to load so much and
this palette and this palette has it and
It has several flavors and not several shades
and the colors of the shadow of seems very
cute I love mates but also
I love the bright ones that he has
this for example this blue I love
the blue shadows already in my
definitely preferred my next
favorite is the tremors worth of
Costa Rican the previous one was
Viaticum mèdiques by the way and I already
had the second version of this that
has more purples and things like that with more
extravagant but this one I love I'm
using one today for example this depends
of your skin tone to use it as
bronzer just like this you create it or
not because it looks clear but they are so
pigmented that definitely if
add something
you already know that it has always been one of
my favorites but this is the second
version of which I have just shown
also this place that I wanted it from
long ago in the gray tone of
Biscos Mary and something fell but it's a
duo of flavors the two tones by
separate I like this I take it as
illuminator but the color they give when
they mix is very very cute and finally
a suntan of coast of sense yes I have
been using quite a lot in the tutorials
and it's just in the middle tone
most do not add much color so
if you want it to outline, it's not going to
serve but it definitely makes you
you see so pale and it's not mate
because the bad thing about abc I'll pose mate
is that they can see you as dirty so
it's very easy to use so it's not
mate and that was all for my favorites
of the month with 20 thousand what are your
favorites or what products of course
in the animal tests they recommend me
a kiss until the next video
hello how about I'm killed a while ago
I made a gift a tour where I showed the
room of the residence where he lived
before and appeared to this thing from here that
it's a good scrub, so also
It serves for cellulite and the truth itself
I think it works and if I'm interested in doing it
for cellulite you can at least do
about once a month in the whole body
because it exfoliates very well and leaves the skin
very soft